feat(explorer): sql editor (#3276)
latticexyz/mud: .changeset/itchy-countries-worry.md

---
"@latticexyz/explorer": patch
---

> Enhance Explorer's with SQL syntax highlighting, autocomplete, and query validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explore page now has a full-featured SQL editor with syntax highlighting, autocomplete, and query validation.
```
